, to do-
installing AWS CLI (install and configure)


AWS Exp:
Spinning up AWS EC2 and RDS as per requirement
Creating S3 buckets and configuring life cycle management
installing AWS cli and running commands - Start, stop, restart EC2
	- We schedule start up and shutdown scripts non prod to save cost
aws ec2 stop-instances i-989d89d8s98d
create ec2 through cli
create s3 bucket through cli
how to schedule scripts on Windows and on Linux

Install tomcat using zip package - download, extract, set env variables
run jenkins.war in tomcat/webapps - download jenkin.war
localhost:8080/
Create a freestyle jenkins job running your start stop script. - while building a job we have to write script which can
open any application when we will build our job.

Worked on Java and .Net environment
worked on application servers like IIS and Tomcat
creating jobs in jenkins and creating EC2 and RDS on AWS
	- Using AWS Cli scripts
	- Using AWS Plugin

Do the above on Linux and Windows

1.install aws ec2 jenkins plugin in system
2.how to create node
3.in aws account setup jenkins
how to create shell file (linux) and powershell (windows)


Questions:
Jenkins
Basically there are jobs for two purposes
1. Infrastructure provisioning
	Creating EC2, RDS, S3 etc
	Installing and configuring middleware on EC2. For ex. Tomcat, IIS.
2. Build and Deployment?	Automating Infrastructure provisioning, configuration and middleware installation using Jenkins pipelines
?	Creating Jenkins pipelines for continuous integration and continuous deployment of code
?	Setting up and monitoring infrastructure and applications using NewRelic and integrating it with ServiceNow for automating incident creation
	Compiling code
	deploying the artifacts



Jenkins:

Master Server: Where you install Jenkins application. In Anmols case [Tomcat(Jenkins)]. Here you have only Jenkins.
create node server
Node/Slave Server: Where you install all the required software to run your scripts. If you are running AWS CLI, 
you will need to configure AWS on node server. Same way you install all the middleware to compile the code and run the scripts.
**** You script always runs on Node not on Master. ****
